[EWSv2 & EWS O365] Added support for `handle_inline_image` (#38320)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftExchangeOnPremise/Integrations/EWSv2/README.md

| replyTo | The email address specified in the 'reply to' field. | Optional | 
| body | The contents (body) of the email to send. This argument overrides the "htmlBody" argument if the "bodyType" argument is Text. | Optional | 
| htmlBody | HTML formatted content (body) of the email to be sent. This argument overrides the "body" argument if the "bodyType" argument is HTML. | Optional | 

> | bodyType | Whether message response body type is Text, or HTML. Possible values are: Text, HTML. Default is Text. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| bodyType | The message response body type. Possible values are: Text, HTML. Default is Text. | Optional | 
```

| attachIDs | A CSV list of War Room entry IDs that contain files, and are used to attach files to the outgoing email. For example: attachIDs=15@8,19@8. | Optional | 
| attachNames | A CSV list of names of attachments to send. Should be the same number of elements as attachIDs. | Optional | 
| attachCIDs | A CSV list of CIDs to embed attachments within the email itself. | Optional | 
| raw_message | Raw email message from MimeContent type. | Optional | 
| from | The email address from which to send mail. | Optional | 

> | handle_inline_image | Whether to handle inline images in the HTML body. When set to 'True', inline images will be extracted from the HTML and attached to the email as an object. Note that in some cases, attaching the image as an object may cause the image to disappear when replying to the email. Additionally, sending the image as base64 (inline image) may cause the image to disappear if the image is too large or recognized as malicious and subsequently deleted. Possible values are: True, False. Default is True. | Optional | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| handle_inline_image | Whether to handle inline images in the HTML body. When set to 'True', inline images will be extracted from the HTML and attached to the email as an inline attachment object. Note that in some cases, attaching the image as an object may cause the image to disappear when replying to the email. Additionally, sending the image in the html body as base64 data (inline image) may cause the image to disappear if the image is too large or recognized as malicious and subsequently deleted. Possible values are: True, False. Default is True. | Optional | 
```

> | handle_inline_image | Whether to handle inline images in the HTML body. When set to 'True', inline images will be extracted from the HTML and attached to the email as an object.  Note that in some cases, attaching the image as an object may cause the image to disappear when replying to the email. Additionally, sending the image as base64 (inline image) may cause the image to disappear if the image is too large or recognized as malicious and subsequently deleted. Possible values are: True, False. Default is True. | Optional | 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| handle_inline_image | Whether to handle inline images in the HTML body. When set to 'True', inline images will be extracted from the HTML and attached to the email as an object. Note that in some cases, attaching the image as an object may cause the image to disappear when replying to the email. Additionally, sending the image as base64 (inline image) may cause the image to disappear if the image is too large or recognized as malicious and subsequently deleted. Possible values are: True, False. Default is True. | Optional | 
```
